hey welcome to second chance prom 2011
here we are the big glitz and glamour of
the night everybody dressed up and
having fun for grin kids our charity for
children who are terminally ill and
chronically disabled tonight is going to
be just magical have you seen Gwen's
dress I think you have now you could
call this s and TJ second-chance prom or
you could call it the night that breeze
Kat makes all the other staff members
mad it's quite a scene thanks for
joining us for second chance prom
we're doing the first-ever Aysen TJ
green kids red carpet and I've stopped
some people coming up the escalator
they're just about to get into prom and
now I'm gonna harass them for just a
second what was the number one thing
you're looking forward to tonight the
prom dancing and having fun now have you
guys ever been to a prom together before
no oh
so the group of you decided to get
together and come to a sandy J
second-chance prom
absolutely yeah yeah what are you most
looking forward to happen tonight
dancing thing getting correct now who
got their hair done right you guys go
together and have some drinks and kind
of make a fun afternoon of it we have
people we had our hair dresser come to
our house and had a girls day of it so I
need to figure out
just because it's a prom doesn't mean it
has to be you and your date or you and
your husband because this one's for
adults we have Rachel here who's getting
married and so she decided bachelorette
party at second chance prom of course
Rachel when are you getting married in
two weeks we like to get dressed up and
drink and dance so this was the perfect
place
what's your favorite part about second
chance prom what everybody's wearing
what are you wearing a hot outfit that
is true it's very hot
you've already seen all the action out
on the floor let's go take a look and
see where our very special guests are I
don't want to ruin the surprise but
we'll go take a look real quick see
who's behind these executive doors there
they are
Aysen TJ are hanging out back in the
executive suite as we're calling in
having some drinks having fun all the
time
food drinks galore looking dapper as
usual even more so tonight in their in
their suits and wonderment so this is
the executive suite I hope you're having
a good time is the second chance prom
2011 all the benefit grin kids I'm
Regan's you already know what it is
there you go
in his khaki suit
it's second chance prom 2011 14th annual
second chance prop race and TJ's
grandkids thank you to everybody who is
here thank you everybody who donates
throughout the year for a some TJ's
grandkids we could not do it without the
radio family and we thank you
don't put this on camera
haha yeah
lowdown another name
you